Updates the binary encoding and parameter cardinality sections (#348)
amzn/ion-docs: _books/ion-1-1/src/binary/e_expressions.md

reader to parse any arguments that may follow. The parsing of arguments is described in detail in the section _Macro
calling conventions_. (TODO: Link)

#### E-expressions with biased `FixedUInt` addresses

While E-expressions invoking macro addresses in the range `[0, 63]` can be encoded in a single byte using
[E-expressions with the address in the opcode](#e-expression-with-the-address-in-the-opcode),

> many applications will benefit from defining more than 64 macros. The `0x4_` and `0x5_` opcodes

Reviewer: Just a FYI or something to consider. In markdown, if you have two lines of text with no blank lines between them, a markdown renderer will consider them part of the same paragraph. In light of that, it is sometimes helpful to start new sentences on a new line to produce a cleaner diff. I sometimes try to do that myself, but it's not something I would ever block a PR for.

Author: When writing markdown, I find there's a tension between keeping the file tidy and keeping the diff tidy. :/ I once read a suggestion that every sentence in the file should be on its own line for optimal diffing; I really liked that, but found the result to occasionally be visually jarring.

It'd be cool if I could make an optimal-diff commit and then run an autoformatter as a final step to re-wrap the paragraphs to fit some number of columns.

In addition, system macros MAY be invoked using any of the `0x00`-`0x5F` or `0xF4`-`0xF5` opcodes, provided that the macro being invoked has been given an address in user macro address space.
<!-- TODO: Add or link an example of how this can be done. /-->

## E-expression argument encoding

The example invocations in prior sections have demonstrated how to encode an invocation of the simplest
form of macro--one with no parameters. This section explains how to encode macro invocations when they take
parameters of different encodings and cardinalities.

To begin, we will examine how arguments are encoded when all of the macro's parameters use the [_tagged encoding_](#tagged-encoding)
and have a cardinality of [_exactly-one_](../macros/defining_macros.md#parameter-cardinalities).

### Tagged encoding

> When a macro parameter does not specify an encoding (that is: the parameter name is not annotated), arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a macro parameter does not specify an encoding (i.e. the parameter name is not annotated), arguments
```
Or perhaps just "(the parameter name is not annotated)".

Author: I find `i.e.` is less approachable than "that is", but YMMV. (I say that having already written "i.e." in a bunch of places. 😓)

> Or perhaps just "(the parameter name is not annotated)".

I like this version best, thanks.

passed to that parameter use the 'tagged' encoding. The argument begins with a leading [opcode](opcodes.md)

> that dictates how many bytes follow and how they should be interpreted.

Reviewer: nit: there are some opcodes that don't specify a length.
```suggestion
that dictates how to interpret the bytes that follow.
```

This is the same encoding used for values in other Ion 1.1 contexts like lists, s-expressions, or at the top level.

### Encoding a single `exactly-one` argument

A parameter with a cardinality of [_exactly-one_](../macros/defining_macros.md#parameter-cardinalities) expects its corresponding
argument to be encoded as a single expression of the parameter's declared encoding. (The following section will explore the
available encodings in greater depth; for now, our examples will be limited to parameters using the [_tagged encoding_](#tagged-encoding).)

> When the macro has a single parameter, the corresponding encoded argument follows the opcode and (if separate) the encoded address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the macro has a single _exactly-one_ parameter, the corresponding encoded argument follows the opcode and (if separate) the encoded address.
```

#### Example encoding of an e-expression with a tagged, `exactly-one` argument

##### Macro definition
```ion
(:set_macros
  (foo (x) ...)
)
```

##### Text e-expression
```ion
(:foo 1)
```

##### Binary e-expression with the address in the opcode
```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression invoking
│     the macro at address 0.
│  ┌─── Argument 'x': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │   1

> 00 61 01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│    ┌─── Argument 'x': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (1)
│  ┌─┴─┐
00 61 01
```

```

##### Binary e-expression using a trailing `FlexUInt` address
```
┌──── Opcode F4: An e-expression with a trailing FlexUInt address
│  ┌──── FlexUInt 0: Macro address 0
│  │  ┌─── Argument 'x': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │  │   1

> F4 01 61 01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│  │    ┌─── Argument 'x': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (1)
│  │  ┌─┴─┐
F4 01 61 01
```

```

### Encoding multiple `exactly-one` arguments

If the macro has more than one parameter, a reader would iterate over the parameters declared in the macro signature
from left to right. For each parameter, the reader would use the parameter's declared encoding to interpret the next

> bytes in the stream. When no more parameters remain, parsing is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bytes in the stream. When no more parameters remain, parsing of the e-expression's arguments is complete.
```

#### Example encoding of an e-expression with multiple tagged, `exactly-one` arguments

##### Macro definition
```ion
(:set_macros
  (foo (a b c) ...)
)
```

##### Text e-expression
```ion
(:foo 1 2 3)
```

##### Binary e-expression with the address in the opcode
```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌─── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │      ┌─── Argument 'b': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │      │    ┌─── Argument 'c': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │   1  │  2 │   3

> 00 61 01 61 02 61 03

Reviewer: I think the numbers above the line of bytes are distracting from the main point of the diagram.
```suggestion
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│    ┌─── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (1)
│    │     ┌─── Argument 'b': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (2)
│    │     │     ┌─── Argument 'c': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (3)
│  ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐
00 61 01 61 02 61 03
```

```

##### Binary e-expression using a trailing `FlexUInt` address
```
┌──── Opcode F4: An e-expression with a trailing FlexUInt address
│  ┌──── FlexUInt 0: Macro address 0
│  │  ┌─── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │  │     ┌─── Argument 'b': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │  │     │     ┌─── Argument 'c': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer
│  │  │     │     │

> │  │  │   1 │   2 │   3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│  │    ┌─── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (1)
│  │    │     ┌─── Argument 'b': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (2)
│  │    │     │     ┌─── Argument 'c': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte integer (3)
│  │  ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐
```

|          | `int8`             |       1       | [`FixedInt`](primitives/fixed_int.md)                                                                                 |
|          | `int16`            |       2       |                                                                                                                       |
|          | `int32`            |       4       |                                                                                                                       |
|          | `int64`            |       8       |                                                                                                                       |
|          | `flex_int`         |   variable    | [`FlexInt`](primitives/flex_int.md)                                                                                   |
| `float`  | `float16`          |       2       | [Little-endian IEEE-754 half-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Half-precision_floating-point_format)     |
|          | `float32`          |       4       | [Little-endian IEEE-754 single-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-precision_floating-point_format) |

> |          | `float64`          |       8       | [Little-endian IEEE-754 double-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-precision_floating-point_format) |

Reviewer: These could link to `values/float.md` instead. Your call, though.

Author: The encodings in `values/float.md` all start with the appropriate opcode; we'd have to add a section for the primitive encodings.

| `symbol` | `flex_sym`         |   variable    | [`FlexSym`](primitives/flex_sym.md)                                                                                   |

#### Example encoding of an e-expression with primitive, `exactly-one` arguments

As first demonstrated in _[Encoding multiple exactly-one arguments](#encoding-multiple-exactly-one-arguments)_,
the bytes of the serialized arguments begin immediately after the opcode and (if separate) the macro address.

> The reader iterates over the parameters declared in the macro signature from left to right. For each parameter,

Reviewer: minor style suggestion—this is slightly more technical and precise, and if you translate the specification to a language that reads in a different direction, it would still be clear.
```suggestion
The reader iterates over the parameters in the macro signature in the order they are declared. For each parameter,
```

Author: Sure, I'll use that.

> and if you translate the specification to a language that reads in a different direction, it would still be clear

I'm not sure I follow. If the specification were in, say, Arabic, that wouldn't affect the direction that one would read the parameter names in the macro signature. They would still be left-to-right.

is inferred from the parent macro signature instead. As such, there is no need to include an
opcode or address.

```
┌──── Opcode 0x01 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 1: `line`
│    ┌─── Argument $start: an implicit invocation of macro `point2D`
│    │     ┌─── Argument $end: an implicit invocation of macro `point2D`
│  ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐
00 03 05 07 09
   │  │  │  └────   $end/$y: FlexInt 4
   │  │  └───────   $end/$x: FlexInt 3
   │  └────────── $start/$y: FlexInt 2
   └───────────── $start/$x: FlexInt 1
```

Any macro can be used as a macro shape except for _constants_--macros which take zero parameters.
Constants cannot be used as a macro shape because their serialized representation would be empty,
making it impossible to encode them in [expression groups](#expression-groups). However, this
limitation not sacrifice any expressiveness; the desired constant can always be invoked directly
in the body of the macro.

```ion
(:add_macros
    (pi () 3.14159265) // A constant `pi`

    (circle_area (pi::Pi radius) (multiply Pi radius radius))
    //            └── ERROR: cannot use a constant as a macro shape

>     (circle_area (radius) (multiply (.pi) radius radius))

Reviewer: Did we settle on whether we're going to use `(% ...)` for variable expansion (#343)?
```suggestion
    (circle_area (radius) (multiply (.pi) (%radius) (%radius)))
```
That being said, this example might be confusing to newcomers. It looks like there could be a `.` missing in front of `multiply`. I can't think of another example right now, but if I can come up with something, perhaps you would consider changing it.

Author: Yeah, it's hard not to read it as math. The `.` was omitted intentionally--this example emits a somewhat arbitrary s-expression. I'll think of something else.

Author: I'm going to hold off on using `(%radius)` syntax because my next PR (in progress) updates variable expansion syntax throughout the spec.

|               0               |        0        |
|            1 to 4             |        1        |
|            5 to 8             |        2        |
|            9 to 12            |        3        |
|              `N`              | `ceiling(N/4)`  |

Bits in the AEB are assigned from least significant to most significant and correspond to the variadic parameters in the signature
from left to right. This allows the reader to right-shift away the bits of each variadic parameter when its corresponding argument
has been read.

| Example Signature     | AEB Layout                  |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------|
| `()`                  | _&lt;No variadics, no AEB>_ |
| `(a b c)`             | _&lt;No variadics, no AEB>_ |
| `(a b c?)`            | `0b------cc`                |
| `(a b* c?)`           | `0b----ccbb`                |
| `(a+ b* c?)`          | `0b--ccbbaa`                |
| `(a+ b c?)`           | `0b----ccaa`                |
| `(a+ b* c? d*)`       | `0bddccbbaa`                |
| `(a+ b* c? d* e)`     | `0bddccbbaa`                |
| `(a+ b* c? d* e f?)`  | `0bddccbbaa 0b------ff`     |

> | `(a+ b* c? d* e+ f?)` | `0bddccbbaa 0b----ffee`     |

Reviewer: I think the `0b` is distracting, especially since one of the parameters is `b`.
```suggestion
| `(a b c?)`            | `------cc`                |
| `(a b* c?)`           | `----ccbb`                |
| `(a+ b* c?)`          | `--ccbbaa`                |
| `(a+ b c?)`           | `----ccaa`                |
| `(a+ b* c? d*)`       | `ddccbbaa`                |
| `(a+ b* c? d* e)`     | `ddccbbaa`                |
| `(a+ b* c? d* e f?)`  | `ddccbbaa ------ff`     |
| `(a+ b* c? d* e+ f?)` | `ddccbbaa ----ffee`     |
```

Each pair of bits in the AEB indicates what kind of expression to expect in the corresponding argument position.

| Bit sequence | Meaning                                                                                                                           |
|:------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|     `00`     | An **[empty expression group](#empty-groups)**. No bytes are present in the corresponding argument position.                      |
|     `01`     | A **single expression** of the declared encoding is present in the corresponding argument position.                               |

> |     `10`     | A **[populated expression group](#populated-groups)** of the declared encoding is present in the corresponding argument position. |

Reviewer: I thought that `00` meant that the argument was an empty stream (not necessarily an empty expression group), and that `10` means that there is an expression group, but says nothing about how many expressions it contains (it could contain 0, hypothetically). Is that correct?

Author: > I thought that 00 meant that the argument was an empty stream (not necessarily an empty expression group), 

You've pinpointed a distinction I was wrestling with while writing this! "Empty stream" is a much better term for this; as written, I had to coin a couple of other phrases to distinguish between populated/empty, implicit/explicit argument groups.

Let me take another pass at this using updated terminology.

|     `11`     | _Reserved_. A bitmap entry with this bit sequence is illegal in Ion 1.1.                                                          |

#### Expression groups

##### Empty groups

If a parameter has a cardinality of `zero-or-one` or `zero-or-more`, callers can choose to pass an
empty expression group as the corresponding argument. This is done by setting the bit sequence `00`
in the appropriate position in the [Argument Encoding Bitmap](#argument-encoding-bitmap-aeb).

##### Populated groups

If a parameter has a cardinality of `zero-or-more` or `one-or-more`, callers can choose to pass a
populated expression group as the corresponding argument instead of a single expression. This is
done by setting the bit sequence `10` in the appropriate position in the
[Argument Encoding Bitmap](#argument-encoding-bitmap-aeb) and then writing an
[expression sequence](#expression-sequence) in the corresponding argument position to indicate
how many bytes part of this group.

##### Expression sequence

> An _expression sequence_ begins with a [`FlexUInt`](primitives/flex_uint.md). If the `FlexUInt`'s value

Reviewer: Does "expression sequence" have a different meaning than "expression group"?

    `FlexUInt` `0`, indicating the end of the chunk series. Each chunk in the series must be self-contained;
    an expression of the declared encoding may not be split across multiple chunks.

> [!Note]
> Despite the name, it is possible to encode an empty expression group using this syntax.
> However, doing so will always be significantly less efficient than using the
> [Argument Encoding Bitmap](#argument-encoding-bitmap-aeb).

#### Example encoding of tagged `zero-or-one` with empty group

```ion
(:add_macros
  (foo (a?) ...)
)
```

```ion
(:foo) // `a` is implicitly empty
```

```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌──── AEB: 0b------aa
│  │     a=00, empty expression group
00 00
```

#### Example encoding of tagged `zero-or-one` with single expression
```ion
(:add_macros
  (foo (a?) ...)
)
```

```ion
(:foo 1)
```

```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌──── AEB: 0b------aa; a=01, single expression
│  │  ┌──── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int

> │  │  │   1

Reviewer: I think having the numbers directly above the bytes is distracting from the main point here.
```suggestion
│  │    ┌── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (1)
│  │  ┌─┴─┐
```

00 01 61 01
```

#### Example encoding of tagged `zero-or-more` with empty group

```ion
(:add_macros
  (foo (a*) ...)
)
```

```ion
(:foo) // `a` is implicitly empty
```

```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌──── AEB: 0b------aa; a=00, empty expression group
│  │
00 00
```

#### Example encoding of tagged `zero-or-more` with single expression
```ion
(:add_macros
  (foo (a*) ...)
)
```

```ion
(:foo 1)
```

```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌──── AEB: 0b------aa; a=01, single expression
│  │  ┌──── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int

> │  │  │   1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│  │    ┌── Argument 'a': opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (1)
│  │  ┌─┴─┐
```

00 01 61 01
```

#### Example encoding of tagged `zero-or-more` with populated group
```ion
(:add_macros
  (foo (a*) ...)
)
```

```ion
(:foo 1 2 3)
```

```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌──── AEB: 0b------aa; a=10, populated expression group
│  │  ┌──── FlexUInt 6: 6-byte expression sequence

> │  │  │  ┌──── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int
> │  │  │  │     ┌──── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int
> │  │  │  │     │     ┌─── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int
> │  │  │  │   1 │  2  │   3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│  │  │    ┌── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (1)
│  │  │    │     ┌── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (2)
│  │  │    │     │     ┌─ Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (3)
│  │  │  ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐
```

00 02 0D 61 01 61 02 61 03
         └───────┬───────┘
      6-byte expression sequence
```

#### Example encoding of tagged `zero-or-more` with delimited group
```ion
(:add_macros
  (foo (a*) ...)
)
```

```ion
(:foo 1 2 3)
```

```
┌──── Opcode 0x00 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 0.
│  ┌──── AEB: 0b------aa; a=10, populated expression group
│  │  ┌──── FlexUInt 0: delimited expression sequence

> │  │  │  ┌──── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int
> │  │  │  │     ┌──── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int
> │  │  │  │     │     ┌─── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int
> │  │  │  │     │     │      ┌─── Opcode 0xF0 is delimited end
> │  │  │  │   1 │  2  │   3  │
> 00 02 01 61 01 61 02 61 03 F0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│  │  │    ┌── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (1)
│  │  │    │     ┌── Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (2)
│  │  │    │     │     ┌─ Opcode 0x61 indicates a 1-byte int (3)
│  │  │    │     │     │    ┌─── Opcode 0xF0 is delimited end
│  │  │  ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐  │
00 02 01 61 01 61 02 61 03 F0
```

### Tagged encoding

When a macro parameter does not specify an encoding (the parameter name is not annotated), arguments
passed to that parameter use the 'tagged' encoding. The argument begins with a leading [opcode](opcodes.md)
that dictates how to interpret the bytes that follow.

This is the same encoding used for values in other Ion 1.1 contexts like lists, s-expressions, or at the top level.

### Encoding a single `exactly-one` argument

A parameter with a cardinality of [_exactly-one_](../macros/defining_macros.md#parameter-cardinalities) expects its corresponding
argument to be encoded as a single expression of the parameter's declared encoding. (The following section will explore the
available encodings in greater depth; for now, our examples will be limited to parameters using the [_tagged encoding_](#tagged-encoding).)

When the macro has a single `exactly-one` parameter, the corresponding encoded argument follows the opcode and (if separate) the encoded address.

#### Example encoding of an e-expression with a tagged, `exactly-one` argument

##### Macro definition
```ion
(:set_macros

>   (foo (x) ...)

Reviewer 2: I think we should either make it clear that `...` is not actual syntax, or we should use real syntax for the template body.

Author: Yeah, that's fair. I'll replace each `...` with `/*...*/`--does that work?

Reviewer 2: Yep!

|          | `flex_int`         |   variable    | [`FlexInt`](primitives/flex_int.md)                                                                                   |
| `float`  | `float16`          |       2       | [Little-endian IEEE-754 half-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Half-precision_floating-point_format)     |
|          | `float32`          |       4       | [Little-endian IEEE-754 single-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-precision_floating-point_format) |
|          | `float64`          |       8       | [Little-endian IEEE-754 double-precision float](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-precision_floating-point_format) |
| `symbol` | `flex_sym`         |   variable    | [`FlexSym`](primitives/flex_sym.md)                                                                                   |

#### Example encoding of an e-expression with primitive, `exactly-one` arguments

As first demonstrated in _[Encoding multiple exactly-one arguments](#encoding-multiple-exactly-one-arguments)_,

> the bytes of the serialized arguments begin immediately after the opcode and (if separate) the macro address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the bytes of the serialized arguments begin immediately after the e-expression opcode and (if separate) the macro address.
```
Or something like that, to be clear about which opcode we're referring to (since the arguments themselves don't have opcodes in this case).

The reader iterates over the parameters in the macro signature in the order they are declared. For each parameter,
the reader uses the parameter's declared encoding to interpret the next bytes in the stream. When no more parameters
remain, parsing is complete.

##### Macro definition
```ion
(:set_macros

>   (foo (flex_uint::a int8::b uint16) ...)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  (foo (flex_uint::a int8::b uint16::c) ...)
```

Author: Good catch

```ion
(macro line (point2D::$start point2D::$end)
  {
    start: $start,
    end: $end,
  }
)
```

Normally an e-expression would begin with an opcode and an address communicating what comes next.
However, when we're reading the argument for a macro-shaped parameter, the macro being invoked
is inferred from the parent macro signature instead. As such, there is no need to include an
opcode or address.

```
┌──── Opcode 0x01 is less than 0x40; this is an e-expression
│     invoking the macro at address 1: `line`
│    ┌─── Argument $start: an implicit invocation of macro `point2D`
│    │     ┌─── Argument $end: an implicit invocation of macro `point2D`
│  ┌─┴─┐ ┌─┴─┐
00 03 05 07 09
   │  │  │  └────   $end/$y: FlexInt 4
   │  │  └───────   $end/$x: FlexInt 3
   │  └────────── $start/$y: FlexInt 2
   └───────────── $start/$x: FlexInt 1
```

Any macro can be used as a macro shape except for _constants_--macros which take zero parameters.
Constants cannot be used as a macro shape because their serialized representation would be empty,
making it impossible to encode them in [expression groups](#expression-groups). However, this

> limitation not sacrifice any expressiveness; the desired constant can always be invoked directly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
limitation does not sacrifice any expressiveness; the desired constant can always be invoked directly
```

in the body of the macro.

```ion
(:add_macros
  // Defines a constant 'hostname'
  (hostname () "abc123.us_west.example.com")

  (http_ok (hostname::server page)
  //           └── ERROR: cannot use a constant as a macro shape
     {
        server: (%server),
        page: (%page),
        message: OK,
        status: 200,
     }
  )

  (http_ok (page)
    {
      server: (.hostname),
      //           └── OK: invokes constant as needed
      page: (%page),
      message: OK,
      status: 200,
    }
  )
)
```

### Encoding variadic arguments

The preceding sections have described how to (de)serialize the various parameter encodings,
but these parameters have always had the same [cardinality](../macros/defining_macros.md#parameter-cardinalities):
`exactly-one`.

This section explains how to encode e-expressions invoking a macro whose signature contains
_variadic parameters_--parameters with a cardinality of `zero-or-one`, `zero-or-more`, or `one-or-more`.

#### Argument Encoding Bitmap (AEB)

If a macro signature has one or more variadic parameters, then e-expressions invoking that macro will include an additional

> construct: the _Argument Encoding Bitmap (AEB)_. This is a little-endian byte sequence precedes the first serialized argument

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
construct: the _Argument Encoding Bitmap (AEB)_. This little-endian byte sequence precedes the first serialized argument
```

As noted in the table above:
* An empty stream (`00`) cannot be used to encode an argument for a parameter with a cardinality of `one-or-more`.
* An expression group (`10`) cannot be used to encode an argument for a parameter with a cardinality of `zero-or-one`.

#### Expression groups

This section describes the encoding of an expression group. For an explanation of what an expression group is and how to use it,
see _[Expression groups](../todo.md)_.

An expression group begins with a [`FlexUInt`](primitives/flex_uint.md). If the `FlexUInt`'s value
is:
* **greater than zero**, then it represents the number of bytes used to encode the rest of the expression group. The reader
  should continue reading expressions of the declared encoding until that number of bytes has been consumed.
* **zero**, then it indicates that this is a delimited expression group and the processing varies according to
  whether the declared encoding is tagged or tagless. If the encoding is:
  * **[tagged](#tagged-encoding)**, then each expression in the group begins with an opcode. The reader
    must consume tagged expressions until it encounters a terminating `END` opcode (`0xF0`).

>   * **[tagless](#tagless-encodings)**, then each expression in the group has no leading opcode; there is no

Reviewer 2: I suggest rewording this slightly to emphasize that the first byte(s) that follows the expression group's starting FlexUInt 0 byte is a `FlexUInt` length prefix. I think talking about the expressions first risks confusion.
